# Professional Bio

Hello! My name is Riley Connors. I like to build cool things with computers--currently I have my hands in robotics projects (we're building a stewart platform for ocean-based platform simulation using ros2) and some modelling and simulation (modelling high-powered-microwaves for anti-drone defense). I am studying computer science at the University of Missouri - Kansas City (UMKC), where I also work in a research lab as part of the Missouri Institute for Defense and Energy (hence the robots and the drones). I like to run (since you asked, I'm training for a marathon) and use parentheses whenever possible (though I have nothing but respect for em-dashes and semi-colons).

I started off my career in the world of computers with, of course, a degree in philosophy. I knew it wasn't a get-hired-quick sort of degree, but hey, coming out of high school I wasn't particularly interested in figuring life out yet. 3 years later, armed with arguably too much time spent thinking abstractly about problems nobody has, I decided to pivot into computer science. This didn't come out of no where--I had always enjoyed tinkering with computers as a kid, trying to get them to do things that weren't immediately obvious. 

I enrolled at UMKC in the spring of '23, and am currently a year away from graduating with a BS in Computer Science. In the spring of '24 I started working in the previously mentioned Missouri Institute for Defense and Energy, a series of research labs at UMKC doing work in a variety of fields but particularly anything to do with unmanned vehicles and RF.
